Scriptix -
See the file COPYING, which should have come with this distribution, for
information regarding the licensing terms and warranty for this software

Scriptix is a simple scripting language (not to be confused with a full-scale
programming language).  The intent of Scriptix is to allow easy, fast,
powerful scripting/plugin support for any application.

The list of current Scriptix features include:

	BASIC/Ruby-esque syntax
	Number and string data types
	Variables
	Nested scopes
	User and C functions
	Lists/arrays
	Garbage collection
	Classes w/ inheritance
	Exceptions
	While/until/do/for loops and blocks
	Ranges

Planned/future features (i.e. Todo list):

	1.0:
	Pre-emptive threading
	General cleanups and bug fixes
	A moderate standard library, useful for simple embedding purposes
	Use of exceptions where necessary

	2.0:
	Re-entrant/threadable parsers
	Split up _scriptix_value
	Security Model
	Function statements, i.e. print 'notice lack of parans'
	Constants
	Virtual variables
	Regular expressions

Model:
As some notes, Scriptix is not based on a VM model.  A true VM language can
probably do everything Scriptix can, and (in many cases) do it much faster.
I have yet to see a freely available language that can boast all of these
features, and remain lite enough for use as scripting (not full-out
programming).  I'm sure there is one out there somewhere, tho, or perhaps
one will appear soon-ish.  Either way, a model based on a true VM would
likely prove better, and I would recommend you look at any such products
if given the chance, before deciding to use Scriptix for you project.  Of
all the project out there, Lua seems to closest in terms of architecture,
but its syntax and symantics aren't quite what they could be.

Blocks:
A block is merely a list of nodes that are evaluated in order.  Every bit
of executable code is thus some form of expression.  And, all expressions
must return a value (although it can be nil).  This means that code blocks,
such as if/while statements, return values.

Also, every block must return a value.  So, if you have a block of just 3
statements, with no return commands, what will its value be?  It will be
the last evaluated statement/node before the block returned.

This fact provides a powerful mechanism for writing code.  A very simple
example is the setting of variables:

	max = if a > b then a else b end

Granted, other languages provide even cleaner syntax for such a simple
operation, but the general idea of blocks returning values should be clear.
The if statement returned a value for the setting of max.  The two blocks,
the true case and the false case, each had a statement/node, with no return
commands.  However, the last executed statement in either block would be
returned.

Classes:
Classes work fairly simply.  Every class is just a group of variables, much
like a nested scope.  You can get or set variables in a class, much like in
a scope.  However, classes also have a parent class.  When you try to get a
value from a class, and that variable does not exist, it then searches its
parent, then the parent's parent, and so on.  This allows simple but
usable inheritance.

It should also be noted that a class can inherit an instance of another
class.  Thus, you can make proxy instances of classes, or define wrapper
members for a class, without modifying the original instance.
